# Syncing changes to the remote repository

## Introduction

In this guide, you will learn how to sync changes from your local repository to the remote repository on GitHub. Syncing changes is essential when you want to share your work with others or collaborate on a project. By following the steps outlined in this guide, you will be able to push your changes to the remote repository and keep your local and remote repositories in sync.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have the following:

- The repository [City-Skylines-Mod](https://github.com/City-Skylines-Modding/City-Skylines-Mod) cloned to your local machine.
- Access to the repository [City-Skylines-Mod](https://github.com/City-Skylines-Modding/City-Skylines-Mod) on GitHub with write permissions.
- Git installed on your computer. If not, refer to the [Git installation guide](gui-001.md).

## Steps to Sync Changes

Follow these steps to sync changes from your local repository to the remote repository:

### 1. Check the Status of Your Local Repository

Before pushing changes to the remote repository, it's a good practice to check the status of your local repository. Open a terminal window and navigate to the directory where your local repository is located. Run the following command to see the status of your repository:

```bash
git status
```

This command will show you the files that have been modified, added, or deleted in your local repository.

### 2. Add and Commit Your Changes

If you have made changes to your files and want to push them to the remote repository, you need to add and commit those changes. Run the following commands to add your changes and commit them:

```bash
git add .
git commit <type>(<scope>): <subject>
```

Replace `<type>(<scope>): <subject>` with a concise description of the changes you made following the [commit message standards](../standards/std-001.md).

### 3. Push Your Changes to the Remote Repository

Once you have committed your changes, you can push them to the remote repository. Run the following command to push your changes to the remote repository:

```bash
git push origin main
```

This command will push your changes to the `main` branch of the remote repository. If you are working on a different branch, replace `main` with the name of your branch.

### 4. Verify Your Changes on GitHub

After pushing your changes, go to the GitHub repository page in your web browser and verify that your changes have been synced successfully. You should see the files you modified or added in the repository.
