# Creating a Pull Request

## Introduction

In this document, you will learn how to create a pull request for any City Skylines repository. Pull requests are a way to propose changes to the repository maintained by the City Skylines Wiki team. By following the steps outlined in this document, you will be able to create a pull request that will be reviewed by the maintainers of the repository.

## Steps to Create a Pull Request

1. Create a Pull Request using the GitHub interface, by clicking on the "New pull request" button on the repository page.
2. Select the branch that contains the changes you want to merge into the base branch. The base branch is the branch you want to merge the changes into.
3. Review the changes in the pull request and provide a title and description for the pull request.
4. Assign reviewers to the pull request by clicking on the "Reviewers" button and selecting the reviewers from the list.
5. Assign appropriate labels to the pull request by clicking on the "Labels" button and selecting the labels from the list.
6. Click on the "Create pull request" button to submit the pull request for review.

Once you have submitted the pull request, it will go through a review process before it is merged into the repository.

## Pull Request Review Process

Once you have submitted a pull request, it will go through a review process before it is merged into the repository. The review process consists of the following steps:

1. Reviewers will review the changes in the pull request and provide feedback.
2. Reviewers may request changes to be made to the pull request before it can be merged.
3. Once the changes have been made, the pull request will be re-reviewed by the reviewers.
4. If the pull request is approved, it will be merged into the repository.
